Driverless trucks and human-driven trucks are going to coexist for decades. >> If it's going to be 10 times safer, why would it take decades? >> How do you actually enforce the handoffs between each individual device? >> One small misstep can take the whole company down. >> Whimo hit a child in the People's Republic of Santa Monica. That caused a pause because safety feels like it's going to be solved I think in 24 months. I think in 24 months we won't be talking about safety anymore. It would be just abundantly clear these things are literally 2, three, four times safer than humans. Thanks to our friends at PayPal, the exclusive sponsor of This Week in AI. Pay zero processing fees on your first 100,000 in eligible PayPal payment volume. Find out more at paypal.launch.co. All right, everybody. Welcome back. This is this week in AI. It's a round table about AI, just like allin, just like this
week in startups, this week in VC, this week in tech. Shout out to my guy Leo Leaport. What do we do here? Every Wednesday we drop all the news tape on Thursday. Get it ready for Wednesday. So much news is happening we can't even keep up with it. So three, four experts every week, people who are actually building AI, building the future join us. And uh Lon Harris plays the role of the news reader. He tees up the stories for us to discuss. Lon, who's on the program with us? >> What a lineup we have for you this week. We've got Go Nang. He's the co-founder and CEO of Gadic. They are are an autonomous trucking company that is focusing on regional networks. You may have just read Jason about their $200 million series D that they just raised a week ago. We will certainly dig into that. We've also got Russ Da. He's the co-founder and CEO of LiveKit. They make software that carries live audio and
video between people and AI. It's what's running under the hood when you tap the voice button in chat. GPT. Finally, Jason, we have Billy Craft of PATH. He's the co-founder and CEO over there. They're an Austinbased startup. They're a platform that lets a business describe what it needs and build working software that adapts as the business grows. >> All right, this is an all-star lineup. Lots to discuss. Where are we going to go first? >> I think we should talk about OpenClaw 2.0. You remember the OpenClaw craze from way back, ancient AI history at this point. So, OpenClaw 2.0 is here. It took 933 people working on it and more than 16,000 code changes. Jason, that's about half of all the code ever written for this project just in this one release. Originally, the project set out only to fix the install process. They ended up rebuilding almost every aspect of OpenClaw. Setup, browser app,
memory, plugins, security, the whole deal. The big feature is multiplayer. you and your team can now share one agent and you can hand off work between yourselves without losing context. So I I'm curious for Jason for the panel. We'll start with Jason. Do you think OpenClaw can compete with the incumbents like Claude Co or Perplexity Computer or are they too far behind for one update to make a difference? >> You know, sometimes the first guy up the hill takes the arrows. Sometimes the first innovator kind of lays the groundwork and then everybody else um you know kind of grabs the ball from them and then takes it over the finish line. That might be uh what we're looking at here with OpenClaw. They may be the general magic. They may be the Palm Pilot of the iPhone era, right? We had all these things that worked into this perfect device known as the iPhone that was designed to be easy for everybody
to use. Open Claw was too hard for everybody to use, but it did show us something with skills, with a soul, with having a personality that wanted to just please you and get things done and work persistently. >> Since that time, as you mentioned, Claude Co, Hermes, uh, and Perplexity Computer Grobbot now, >> and of course, >> Grockbot. And Grockbot is in my mind the iPhone of this analogy, right? It's so simple to use. It just does what you want it to do. So what were the pain points with Open Claw? Security install process and um just ease of use generally. This has gone agents have gone from being a very niche product to being the product that let me just say that clearly. Agents are AI. Everything that happened up until this point is meaningless in AI, machine learning, chat, JPT. It is really about agents. Why? Because it's the perfect metaphor for all of us. We work as a personality in
the world with a skill and then we work with each other. It just has resonated with business users and business users using Claude Co-work, using Grockbot, using Perplexity Computer, etc., etc., right down the line. They have voted with their time and effort that this is the modality they want. They want the agent uh modality. And I will say I talked to Elon and I was talking on a previous episode about multiplayer mode and I brought it up on all last week. Whoever gets to multiplayer mode first where I can take agents not just in Slack but in the core product and multiple people can interact with the agents or my agent that writes the docket and does research can interact with yoursel and learn from each other. >> That's going to be the winner. >> Yeah. >> And nobody nobody has solved multiplayer. People have figured out how to dump one into >> an agent into your Slack. But what we really
need is in that group chat when you're with your buds, you know, and you're sharing inappropriate memes and you're making plans and you're going to Vegas, uh when you're going to Vegas for the birthday party, whatever it is, you really want your agent to jump in there and say, "I have six reservation possibilities. I looked at everybody's calendar and uh and I asked everybody on DM what their favorite restaurants were. Here's the consensus. >> Uh six people want steak, three people wanted sushi. We're going with steak and then we're doing sushi on night two. Boom. Like that. Imagine that world. And that's what it sounds like OpenClaw is going to go for. >> Uh so Billy, I want to go to you because you're you're obviously helping businesses work with AI and agents specifically. Uh is there interest in OpenClaw 2 or do you think that there are superior ways for enterprises and people at companies
to start engaging with agents today? >> Yeah, I don't think uh OpenClaw 2.0 know uh even is it's not something that's in high demand in my experience from uh our types of customers. It's still a little too technical. I was playing around with it the other day. You know, you're popping open the terminal uh trying to install dependencies. Uh that doesn't really work for your typical business user or business use cases. Um, so I think a Grockbot is probably something that's going to be like Jason said, more of the iPhone moment uh that we get to where it's a simple interface. People are very familiar with iMessage and that kind of uh general interaction. Uh so I think that coupled with the multiplayer uh is going to be um sort of where this goes. Go to uh Russ, are either of you using agents right now? Are using any of these platforms? Would you consider a switch over to OpenClaw 2.0? >> Yeah,
I think for the most part we use Cloud Code and and uh Co-work. But um I think the the thing that is interesting about OpenCloud 2.0 is really that multiplayer angle. So Grockbot, you know, Co-work um Claude, these things are are really single player kind of applications. And I think a key thing about business users and businesses in general is that businesses are people working together. Um, and so, you know, in the future, you're going to have agents, you're going to have people, they're all going to be collaborating together. What is the interface? How do you do that kind of in a way that feels seamlessly integrated with how people already do work together. So, you've seen, you know, Jack and and the block team come out with Buzz. You saw Slack code uh come out, I think, last week. Um, now you've got OpenCloud 2.0, which has these collaborative features. it kind of looks a little bit Slack-l
like or messaging app- like. Um, and people can, you know, collaboratively uh prompt the agent and and and kind of co-develop uh applications together. And so I think that OpenCloud 2.0 is more a play at that more kind of like business type of use case for for people that are trying to work together with each other and with agents. >> I think so. >> Yeah. And I think for for >> Have you used by the way Jack's uh what is it called? Buzz. >> Buzz. Have you used it, Russ? Is it any good? >> I have I haven't used Buzz yet. Um I read the whole thing on it and uh I went deep on kind of the videos that they've posted of it, but I haven't personally used it yet. How about you got them? Have you used it? >> Uh not not personally, but uh I'm sure like members on the team, they are using it. But uh I think for us like you know just uh our agents are all physical, right? Like know that's the fun part.
And uh maybe just to pick up on some of the common themes, right? Ultimately in my opinion, it's all about the usefulness, right? you have to make these interfaces uh these tools dead simple to use. But then you know as you throw in different workflows uh and like you know multiple agents uh that's where things get complicated but uh ultimately if you're looking at real adoption uh across the masses um it's all about uh the ease of use right uh it's less about the capabilities of the models but uh more about the usefulness and in the physical world things are uh a bit different obviously they are a lot more challenging you know we're talking about uh u the physical agents different kind of platforms that's uh that's the fun part >> you know Gotham you brought up like multiple agents. Um I think that that's another key thing that is kind of a core part of OpenClaw 2.0 and even Buzz and um
and uh Slack code etc. is that you know software engineering um like a coding agent can write code but there's so much more to software engineering than just writing code. There's code reviews, there's people have to spec it out, there's a uh architectural kind of definition you need to add. There's like product definition and product specs. Um and then there's like bugs and you know user feedback and you have to take that and triage it and then like you know build the next thing or iterate on what you built and so that is typically like a multi- aent kind of orchestration that is happening there. If you think about like stripe with stripe minions they kind of do this internally. minions as their system and and uh and so I think that for a lot of these uh roles that are we're trying to augment or automate within the enterprises um or businesses out there they are multiaceted there's m many
agents that are going to kind of facilitate a single workflow um and so that's why I also think it's really important >> it's really interesting how Slack everything in business seems to come back to Slack at some point and I'm wondering like >> uh if you should, somebody should just say, you know what, f it. I'm just going to build Slack into my harness. And you know, I don't know if you guys noticed this, but like Zoom added Notion and Slack. And then Slack added Canvases, which is kind of like a mini version of Notion embedded in there. Slack added code, and Slack today, which is their version of agents. I think there's like one product to unite them all, but it has to be Slack first. Yeah, I think Slack is like in some ways if you think of >> chat GPT is to like consumer AI. Slack is almost like the default interface to uh like business AI or enterprise AI. Um yes. >> Yeah. >> I mean
Slack is just like business and it's it feels like there's a bifurcation going on Billy where on one side you have business people doing business things marketing sales hiring uh content marketing whatever it is a and uh legal whatever. And then you have product development. Now obviously product development's expanding a bit um because more people are getting involved in it who are not coders. And then gosh, the business side where they're doing legal, where they're doing accounting, it's starting to feel like they're software developers and they're building software tools. So, it's almost like there's a paradigm battle going on here. Are we business users in Slack automating stuff or are we developers working in a development environment and there's like some IRC chat bolted onto it? It's a very interesting moment in time and there's like a tension going on here. I I see it in our organization
and many others. I think that's uh that's where the real value of like you know all of this thing comes together which is like you know in the orchestration layer right orchestrating like you know all the different agents to you know tackle the kind of workflows that you want to focus on be it consumer be it enterprise that's uh where things are uh coming to head right like know that's what we are seeing in the the physical world as well but uh uh that's going to be the the next frontier right how do you orchestrate all of these different agents or different workflows manual or uh AI based u and like you know get the task done So that's uh uh that's the fun next step. Um >> Billy, you were going to jump in here. Go ahead. >> Yeah, I I think Slack has a really nice moat. Um you know, trying to adopt something like Buzz or, you know, maybe your own internal chat tool. There's years of history
of context and memory all baked into Slack. Uh and the switching costs are real. Um so I think that's something uh that we've been observing. People don't want to switch. How do you pull that all out of Slack uh to continue operating your company? Um so I think Salesforce is positioned really well. >> Well, and they had a great rebound on their stock. They got Daario to come and talk about whatever they called it. Quad force salespropic. I don't know what the name was, but somehow like Uncle Beni off pulled Daario out of his, you know, um, his temple to come do the quarterly earnings. That was incredible. And, yeah, they haven't been displaced. And I looked at like two things I really wanted out of Slack that they weren't doing, which was uh, to have agents, right, doing stuff with the data it finds in Slack, communicating other data sources into Slack, etc. And then I just wanted a heads
up display as the CEO or founder what's going on in my Slack. Just give me like an overview of and that's what I was building an open claw with my Oracle. Tell me every decision this organization made today and tell me every decision we didn't make and why and and how we can get through those blockers. And I never finished it with OpenClaw. I paused it because I had like vertical apps I wanted to build. But eventually that's where I want to get to. And I actually convince them to upgrade me to Slack Enterprise. I move my organization over. Slack's like 15 bucks a user. Then there's like a midway point 30 bucks a user. And then there's like this enterprise plus++ $45 a month a user. It's not cheap. You can negotiate a bit from what I understand. You can look online how to negotiate with your SAS sales reps. But anyway, I told them and I told Mark directly, just compress the payment down, make
it cheaper to use, and give people access to everything because they'll give you, if you're um an accounting firm or like a Morgan Stanley or you're a health uh care organization and you have compliance, you can see every DM. You have a record of every DM. You have a record of every DM that's deleted. You know how people go off and instead of making a channel that AI can read or a private channel that AI can read, they go start like three people in one thread and then the fourth person working on the projects in the official channel and they're running like a secret ops whatever. And so you don't even have access to the good data. The good data is in these like little DM breakout groups that people are like, "Hey, uh, let's leave these other four dorks off this discussion and make the real decision here." >> And Lon's like, "Yes, we do that with you, Jake. We're not allowed to get into it,
but we used to. >> And I told everybody at work, every email, every Slack message on everything you do on your corporate computer is in the Oracle. Don't do anything there that you don't want exposed in any way because it's going to wind up in the Oracle. And I'll tell this to people who are listening. Everything you do on your work computer is being tracked. And Zuckerberg's the only person being like really upfront about he told everybody, "We're tracking everything." Uh but he he has moments of great clarity. He's like, "We're tracking everything to make everybody more efficient. That's my job as CEO. We're going to make this organization worth more money because we're tracking everything we do and then we're going to have some sort of automated way of, you know, codifying that with code." And and that's what I've become obsessed with. You really need to have a version of Slack that gives
you access to everything if you want to build the Oracle. >> You know, Jason, something you said about kind of being able to see every single decision that the the agents are making. I think you can draw some parallels or analogies in these agent factories to like actual physical world factories, right? Like what becomes really important for the person running the factory. It's observability. Observability and monitoring will become increasingly important the more that your agents are kind of just going and doing work with each other and by themselves autonomously. So, um yeah, that's a huge area that I think not a lot of people have invested in yet. That's the dwares segue of like, yes, civilizations are working without our, you know, supervision. It's like, so you chose to not supervise them is what you're saying. You chose to not supervise and you explicitly told them to do whatever it
takes to hack into solve any problem. Okay, that's on you. That's on the person who instructed them to go awall, not the people who hopped the fence. In my mind, >> it's definitely on them. I just don't think that maybe maybe they didn't uh anticipate that this kind of capability would be there. uh at this stage. >> Come on. They built it, man. They built it. They knew. These guys know if you tell a thousand agents, go run a muck and solve every problem and try to break everything, they know what they're going to do. They built it. They know what the magic guess the next word context box does, right? It does come down to like you know obviously uh we're talking about capabilities of the the agents and obviously like you know them getting better u over time but you can easily separate out authorization from capability right like know so there is uh there needs to be a separate layer for all
things authorization so yes like you know they could have in my opinion prevented that uh the authorization layer needs to be more deterministic uh and that's where you know obviously for anything that is safety critical you have to separate out uh capability with uh uh authority >> you ready to move on did Guys, see this story about Perplexity? Did you see a story about Perplexity's latest version doing local open models blended? >> This is going to be this is going to change everything. Juan Phil the boys um Arventand who's been on the pod DM'd me this morning with this and he had told me a couple weeks ago. >> Yeah, this hit this only hit a few hours ago. Perplexity launched hybrid compute today. It's a feature that splits a single task between cloud models and a local model running on your Mac. The cloud handles research and reasoning while your Mac processes your own private files and
sensitive data before anything leaves your machine. An ondevice classifier scans the task, replaces names, addresses, account numbers with stand-ins. It requires an Apple Silicon Mac with at least 24 gigs of unified memory and anything that the local model handles cost you nothing in cloud credits, Jason. Nothing in cloud credits. >> Uh, this is my dream. And I think did you see the new CEO of um the new CEO of Apple who took over yesterday? John Turnis just said hello. He did his first tweet. Hello. >> And there was a report that Open AI bought 10,000 Mac minis and studios and that's why they're delayed 3 months. I think everybody know knows and I predicted this like two years ago that Apple would be the sleeper. Uh there he is. John Turnis. come on the pod anytime says hello there I am saying come on the pod thank you for the like >> um this is Apple's like dream if you and the frontier
models are not going to do this I maybe they get dragged kicking and screaming but it's going to be on perplexity open claw and this is another advantage they have if they can say we're going to give you the Chinese models we're going to give you Neotron hey poolides now got is owned by Nvidia we're going to pull the Nvidia open source stack, the Chinese open source stack, and then it automatically chef's kiss loads onto your computer and you don't have to worry about updating it. You don't have to worry about security. It's just abstracted and it's easy. Corporations are going to love this because unmetered token use changes behavior when you are watching the clock, right? We have this like internal fear. Oh my god, who's going to be the person who blows off $5,000 in tokens a month and gets fired? Like that's a real fear people have. or in a big corporation. It's like who who didn't spend
a quarter million dollars on tokens gets fired depending on how your company's doing. >> But you CFOs are going to love this. They're going to be like, "Wait, I can buy a $12,000 Mac studio for this developer with 256 gig, an M5, or maybe I could spend $18,000 on a 512 gig one or 20,000 on a 1 TBTE one." And 80% of their workload goes to some poolside Laguna coding agent, not to codeex, not to clog code for 90% of what they do. Oh. Oh, and it's easy. I wonder if like maybe Grock because Elon and Cursor are very savvy if they will take their open source models and do this first in their harness. That's when you know the frontier models are going to be on to something when they put when they give their users open source on their desktop. Oh my lord, it's going to be powerful. I I'm in love with this idea. >> Billy, have you played with this stuff at all? I'm asking because uh I just started
to look into getting a a studio an M5 uh yesterday and um one thing that was somewhat surprising to me is that it can't run like K3 for example. So K3 requires like 6 terabytes of memory to run like the full version of it, but you can run a quantized version of it. I'm curious about like the performance of like a quantized version versus you know the full thing that you would get on a cloud. >> Yeah, that's exactly right. Um, yeah, it's it's smaller, so it's it's not uh as capable a model that that you're running locally. Uh, but I will say from like a business use case, I I think it gets the job done for most people in terms of what it can do and also uh something that people talk to us, our customers talk to us about are like, what is a token and what does that get me in terms of outcomes? uh and and why do I need to pay for all these tokens, all these AI credits? Oh, did I run out? How
much am I spending per month? And and what does that equate to uh for my team? And then second of that is data privacy. So, uh companies are becoming more and more aware of uh their data is valuable and they don't want to send it off uh to some random API. Uh you know, you can have your terms of service that it's not being trained on it, whatever. uh but it's still a big concern for them. So I think uh a product like this definitely solves those two uh primary frustrations from >> AI sovereignty is a big one too, right? Like if you've got a bunch of coders and they can use Neotron or Laguna and an Nvidia stack, oh my lord, that could be powerful too. So it's a great point. >> That's true. Yeah, I guess you even if it's not as accurate in the quantized version, you still could just loop more, generate more tokens cuz tokens suddenly are, you know, freeish. I mean, of course, there's that you
got to power the thing, but um uh their tokens are much cheaper. So, you could just have maybe less high quality tokens, but but loop more on them and then verify the results and it's kind of a wash in the end and it you get the privacy kind of guarantees that uh a local model will give you. Is that true? I I think also like we we always say uh today is the worst it's ever going to be. So you you look down a year, two years, three years down the line. >> That's fair. >> Um I I think it's the long-term move. >> Yeah, I'm with you. Long-term move for sure. >> Uh Gotham, I'm I'm interested because you've got you've got trucks driving themselves. Are they waiting? Are they pinging the cloud to make every decision or are you running some kind of local hardware in in the trucks for, you know, last second decision- making? Yeah. So for us the concept of having distributed compute depending on the
task uh has been around for for a long time right. So the needs of in vehicle computation is different from like you know how we train our models how we deploy the models on the truck. So on board the the trucks we have uh Nvidia compute and NVIDIA chips. Uh all the decision making all the models are run locally on the truck. There is no dependency on external inputs or uh real-time supervision. So the idea is the system is self- sustained and uh any extreme edge case or anomalies is always handled locally on the truck. That's very important because like you know if you think about cyber attacks and like you know uh someone else getting access to the trucks that that's an unacceptable scenario for us. So yes all everything is local and obviously there are layers of um you know um cyber security layers that allows us to ensure that uh no one can get unauthorized access to the to the system.
Now we use different kind of compute for training our uh models that actually run the trucks run our simulation platform our data augmentation pipeline. So all of that is a different kind of compute cluster. So in my opinion long term uh it's going to be a multi- and distributed compute systems depending on like you know what kind of task like you know obviously ROI uh constraints will come into equation as well like you know if you're talking about the open source models then yes like you know uh what is the task I'm trying to achieve and then like you know what is my >> where are you uh where are you at with these trucks uh are they on the road supervised I assume for now >> yeah so we are like you know in the trucking space one of the only companies that is doing true driverless operation on public roads, right? So, this is something that we announced with uh with PepsiCo. So, Pepsi has
been our long-term partner. Uh they have made multi-year commitments. So, we have fully driveless trucks, meaning >> Wait, hold on a second. Look at this jacket you're wearing. Hold on a second. Back that up for a second. This Who's You got a stylist. They looked at Jensen and they got you a Prada jacket. Look at Is that Tom Ford Prada? What is that? You didn't pick that. Come on. >> They I've been wearing this longer than Jensen. >> Wow. Hey, what is that? What is that? That's not members only. Is that Prada? >> No, no, this is not Prada. Uh, this is uh what which one does John Vettos, right? >> John. Oh, so good. Very nicely done. >> You look great. Look at this manscaping going on here. You look fantastic. Uh, so you you're on the open road. >> Open road. Public roads. Uh, >> okay. >> Across highways and surface streets. >> What cities are you in? Where where are you doing this? because
you it's explain to us the regulatory framework of getting on the road cuz cyber cab just started and then you know >> California's becoming a bit of a bear to get your stuff out. Where are you doing this? >> We're live across Texas, Arkansas and Phoenix, Arizona, right? Uh so in within Texas currently in Dallas. Uh obviously new markets will be expanding to soon as well. And then from regulatory standpoint uh all the regulations are at the state level, right? So we're talking about 29 states where we can deploy the trucks, pull the driver out and commercialize the service >> and you know >> Yeah. >> Amazing. And uh are you going to do like are you looking to build the entire network out and sell directly or are you going to provide to people? How does it work? What's the business model behind this today? Because >> obviously Tesla's doing semi. Uber has Uber freight and crazily Tesla's a
partner with Uber Freight for Semi, but they're not for Cyber Cab. Kind of weird distinction, but okay. Um, tell us about like what the business model is here. >> So, we we believe in going direct, meaning like, you know, we don't want to sell into a middleman and have a someone else own the customer relationship. So, we are the ones that work directly with uh with Pepsi, Kroger, and some of the other customers. And uh there's a lot of like you know long-term stickiness and defensibility that we build uh because of that model right so we are designing these regional logistics network from the ground up to meet our customer needs and obviously it's uh uh optimized for our autonomy capabilities and we we are building these networks across uh five markets today the plan is to continue densifying each of these markets and then adding new markets as well. So going direct to the customers providing
a autonomous transportation as a service that's the business model but then we also do not have to worry about uh owning the assets right so we are an asset light model we have leasing partners they own the trucks they lease it to us and then we provide a service to our customers as revenue comes in we make payments on the lease >> got I'm curious does do you run so you have your own model that's running on the truck itself um is that an endto-end model um or is it kind of like a >> yeah it's an end to-end trainable model. We have two main models that is the first one is what we call scene representation. So that's the one that is responsible for understanding and predicted the environment. The output of that flows into our second main model. We call that the reasoning model. That's basically where the reasoning and the behavior uh planning and the decision-m happen. So two models but then
all the like tying it back to the discussion that we were having uh authorization ultimately are the models responsible for deciding a safety critical action or not. we don't give uh the models the authorization. So we have a parallel safety layer that is verifying the output from each of the models so that uh ultimately the actions of the truck are fully deterministic and uh you know we we cannot afford to have wrong outputs and wrong decisions right so it's we're talking about driverless trucks and then how do you uh for your data flywheel like how do you um you know if the truck encounters some issue or makes a mistake or how do you kind of correct it or give it information about that adversarial example so it can >> you know prove and and get better and not make the mistake take again >> such a good point and like you know that's why like you know if you think about physical AI uh I'm
of the belief that deploying in real world environments as soon as you can that's the right approach right obviously before that you can collect all the data in the world that you want to it can be synthetic data can be real data but the real learning happens in the field so for us that that flywheel is obviously we rely on a lot of real world data but use high fidelity synthetic data sets as well and together the combination is what allows us to ensure that uh you know the whole system is safe when we put out on the roads. >> Got it. Yeah, it's pretty amazing. I have a I have a Tesla. Uh, I just got one cuz I had I had kids. Um, and uh, needed a bigger car. And, you know, I I'm I'm using FSD all the time. And, uh, for the first week I had the Tesla, I would uh, you know, be driving home from work or it would be driving me home from work and it would turn into the my neighbor's driveway and
I would stop it, correct it, drive into my driveway, tell, you know, give audio feedback that it's wrong, wrong driveway. And then after a week, it just stopped going into the neighbor's driveway and it magically fixed itself. And I think that's the power of like Tesla's uh flywheel. >> I think they're manually doing that, by the way. I think they're manually reading those and then sending them to folks and just saying like, "Here's Jay Cal's ranch." Like, I had the same thing at the ranch. It would not figure it out. I'm disengaging. And then all of a sudden, it worked. But be careful because I almost got killed um in it recently because it wasn't really Tesla's fault, but I was driving in Austin and there's lots of construction and construction zones and parking lots I think are like the final bosses of this and people's personal driveways obviously, but I'll put that into parking lots.
>> The road ends. The road just ends and a semi is right next to me blaring past >> because it had a human in it. Unfortunately, AI would have been easier. And so my road my road ends and all of a sudden the the Tesla just starts welling and I'm like, "What's going on?" I'm coming back from poker at 1:00 in the morning. I'm totally sober. I don't drink or anything, but um I had to slam on the brakes. I'm in the gravel and then I just had to wait for the truck to pass and then got behind it. Uh it didn't know what to do, nor should it. I mean, it's like um so I I'm very nervous about how fast and uh got to I want to know your opinion on this. Are they pushing your companies to get this done too fast? And are you comfortable with the pace this is moving? Because it feels like this competition thing. >> Yeah. >> Where there's there's 20 amazing players in self-driving cars. There's a dozen of
you just in trucks >> and there's such a big prize here that and investors want this to happen quickly. Are you under an unnatural amount of pressure and do you worry when you see that Whimo hit? I'll play you the video. They'll find it for me. A Whimo clipped a car that jutted out. It had like a blind spot and it just smashed it and kept driving. And it wasn't the Whimo's fault, but I just thought to myself, that was a 12-year-old girl on her bike, you know, heading home, not doing anything wrong. She would have been in the hospital. She could have died, right? It was a 30 m hour hit, which will kill you if you land, you know, the wrong way. I I think somebody's going to get killed. Law of big numbers, and I'm worried. Are you under too much pressure? So obviously speed of execution is very important but not at the expense of safety right like you know we are of the belief that uh one small
misstep can take the whole company down. So that's how seriously we take safety and if you look at uh some past examples from our industry right like you know so there have been instance where like you know companies frankly did not prioritize safety that's uh you know uh for us it's front and center right uh we have spent the last 9 years n plus years perfecting the technology and what we said is before we pulled the driver out uh we underwent a very rigorous and comprehensive independent safety audit what we said is you have access to our whole system how we have designed the core software hardware how we doing operations and independent auditors evaluated every evidence that uh uh we have backing the safety claims, right? So the fact here is uh that's one of the ways you build trust. So you can you cannot and should not compromise on safety, but uh there are bad actors always in the industry.
>> There it is guys. Look at this. Whimo's going probably maybe 30 >> and it just rips that fender off and keeps going. >> Kind of shocking. It didn't even know that it had I'm watching it one more time here. There's a car that pulls in. This car, you know, has a bit of a blind spot. Uh, not the Whimo's fault. I don't think I don't think this is Whimo's fault. I >> That's kind of surprising. It's surprising because I've been on the I've been on the 280 um >> where 280 and 101 meet, right? were near SFO and uh I had an instance where like this giant piece of metal like flew off the back of a of a pickup truck on the ground and the Tesla actually saw it before I did and had adjusted and moved around it. Um I'm surprised that Whimo didn't uh react to that car kind of sticking out. It had it had time at least in the video it seemed like. >> It feels like the Whimos I've driven around would have
navigated around that. That is a little strange. >> It's okay. >> Go. This is your business. >> Yeah. Is Whimo at fault? Is it just accidents happen? >> I think for us like you know it's it always comes down to like you know what are you prioritizing safety for? Is it like know the the rider in the in the car or people around the uh the vehicles? Like for us it's it's simple. We don't have to optimize for the chips uh in the box. It's all about uh every person every uh uh vehicle around the truck. So we priorize for safety of uh uh everyone around the the truck. So, but I think it does come down to what is what are you comfortable with, right? When it comes to safety, like you know, there are companies that are pushing the envelope when it comes to like, you know, this is what we're comfortable with. But at the end of the day, uh the question that you have to answer is is it safer than a
human driver? How safe? And how do you define safety? Right? Uh that's still an open question. It's hard to standardize that across different applications. >> That is my exact question for you. Should you be judged on how much better you are than a human, the average human? And then how do you think society and more importantly regulators? I think regulators are looking at this as a proxy for broader society. >> But it does seem to me, you know, one cursor-like instance or the Candy Crush safety driver early on in Uber's AV program, like these were gnarly, like people died. Um uh or yeah in the cursor one it wasn't exactly their fault but they did drag somebody in the in the Uber one it was the safety driver's fault. Um how should you you be judged 100 times better than a human 10 times better than human or 10% better than a human? >> The performance should be much higher than a human driver
that's the the promise and that's uh what we're delivering against. Uh but >> how much put a number on >> I I I do want to separate out between like you know regulators and people's sentiment right regulators uh they have a different uh I would say expectation. People's sentiment is like you know my robot should be operating at 100% accuracy. So everyone like you know we the expectation from machines is they cannot make mistakes that that is people's sentiment. Regulators have a different way of regulating the uh the core technology right. So we spend a lot of time with the regulators at all levels local state and federal level. We share all the data points around okay this is how safe we are. This is how we evaluating safety. So that's a a simple way to get that particular stakeholder comfortable with that. But I think what we have to address is what's the general public comfortable with,
right? And and how how do you get them to be okay with some minor mistakes that uh uh a robot is making versus like you know uh you would make in the same scenario, right? So what is people's acceptance of this kind of uh vehicles and this kind of technology? That's that's a separate issue from regulating the technology. >> What do you think, Billy? Jump in here. How should we be evaluating uh these autonomous self-driving vehicles? And how how are you personally evaluating them in terms of like how safe they need to be for us to put them on the road? >> Billy drives a Corvette, by the way. Oh, really? And Billy Billy is not Yeah, he don't drive a T. Billy's a Corvette guy. >> I do I do love a Whimo in Austin. So I I've been around in Austin with >> the amount of training they had to do just around local neighborhoods. And you know, I think Jason, you mentioned going 30 miles an hour. I am
very curious like the regulation around what you're doing. uh you know traveling on an interstate in Texas you can get up to 80 miles plus an hour uh and then crossing state lines it just seems like uh the regulation component uh it is super fascinating and then I think on the software side I'm curious with the customers that you work with uh what levels of control you allow within those organizations to uh handle their operations when they're dealing with autonomous vehicles. Uh it do they kind of use lean on y'all I imagine a lot to handle the most of it and then like where did where's the line between what falls on you and what falls on uh you know a particular business that signs up. >> Yeah. For us we we take on the full responsibility. So it's and the liability as well right. So when we show up with our driverless trucks uh we take on the full service and then we say okay anything that
uh uh the truck is any action that the truck is doing we'll be responsible for that right frankly in our experience at the end of the day the customers do not care about whether there's a person on board or not right what they care about is are their goods being moved from point A to point B in full and on time right so uh on-time pickup on-time delivery vehicle availability and high reliability is are the metrics that uh we get measured against whether we have a person on board or not. That's that's secondary, right? But that's that's a very important uh distinction which is I believe in logistics this kind of technology is a have to have. If I compare this to Robo Taxi is somewhat a nice to have because my Uber and my lift is de facto driveless for me. So I can go from a Uber app to a Veimo app. I know the experience with Vimos and other Uber taxi providers is great. So I'm not denying
that. Uh but you know it's all driverless to me. But in trucking it's it's not that you have to have this technology to address the the driver shortage, the expectations from the end consumer about faster delivery, cheaper delivery and all. So that's where we get very excited about uh the promise of this technology in that in that sector. >> How does Pepsi feel about putting like their do they put their logo on your trucks? Because sometimes you know they brand these trucks like how do they feel about doing that like an autonomous >> that's a really interesting observation. Pepsi has a has been a great partner not just Pepsi Loblock Kroger and others as well and yes we do have uh our customers logos on the on the truck so you can imagine the level of comfort and confidence that they have uh and but it takes years right so I'm not suggesting that it was an overnight thing we have been working
with Pepsi since 2022 and you know deliberately and actively scaling with them and then yes the focus is very much on uh automating a big chunk of their supply chains but it the whole safety validation independent audits those are the ways in which we uh you know drive for that uh trust I I have such a simple solution to this that it's comically easy >> having seen this up close and personal with um Uber and the deployment and the fights and the hand ringing and the debates. I mean, there were a lot of debates like the existing, you know, cab companies, you know, that were doing Lincoln Town Cars versus Uber, the the medallions versus Uber, people say, you know, poor people being able to take an Uber in neighborhoods where you couldn't get one, like Brooklyn, where I grew up, you just couldn't get a yellow cab. They wouldn't go to Brooklyn. There were so many back and forths and back and
forths. I think the back and forth here is going to be around two things. First and foremost, safety. second and increasingly which might eclipse safety because safety feels like it's going to be solved I think in 24 months. I think we're still on a slower timeline than maybe people think. Um I think in 24 months we won't be talking about safety anymore. It'll be just abundantly clear these things are literally 2, three, four times safer than humans. Therefore, it's not even worth discussing. But with the obvious caveat, don't kill a puppy. We killed Whimo killed a cat. They killed the bodega cat and that caused a kuruffle. Whimo hit uh a child in the People's Republic of Santa Monica. That caused a pause and you got this one. You know, once a child dies and then you know, you're going to just have all these politicians and regulators. Oh my god, a child died. Now it's we're going to freeze
it up. But let's talk about jobs. Um very simple. the first um 10 million miles, first one million rides in any city, if you want to be an autonomous company, you have to have a safety driver. Just make it like super easy for people to understand. And you put that safety in these these drivers will cost on the low end 15 bucks an hour. On the high end for like a Lincoln Town Car driver, they're like probably 50 or 60 bucks an hour. So, put it somewhere in the middle like 40 bucks an hour. You pay them well 40 bucks an hour, you know, a half million hours, a million hours. You're talking about 20 million, 30 million, 40 million to launch a city. Who can afford that? Uber can afford it. Neuro can afford it. You can afford it. Everybody can afford that. So just go right down the middle. Hey, we're going to do the first million rides with a person in it. They're available to take over. And this
would stop the whole discussion about jobs which is going to be the big one and like how are you dealing with well what do you think of my suggestion about them? Um and then what do you what is the reaction been with the drivers unions and you eliminating trucking jobs which is millions of people in the United States. >> It's that's a sensitive topic right like know rightly so right. So we we do um uh face some kind of like you know uh push back when it comes to like you know uh job displacement but the reality cannot be far from it right we all understand that uh no one wants to do uh these kind of jobs but the promise of robotics and like physical AI is uh you know robots will take on dull dangerous and dirty uh tasks like again no one wants to be a truck driver. So we have interviewed and encountered and we hire a lot of uh uh you know ex truckers. Uh no one wants to be in this job and
we we all understand that the reality is uh there is extreme driver shortage. When we talk to our customers they're like okay I cannot staff uh and meet the capacity on routes and networks that uh I need staffing for right you can argue that uh there won't be a driver shortage if uh you paid everyone more. That has been the trend by the way that the uh the wages have increased over the last few years but logistics is such a thin margin business. So if you increase the wages, the end consumers will have to uh bear the weight of like you know uh increase in the delivery cost. So at the end of the day it's such a perfect solution where you you introduce autonomy, there's extreme driver shortage. The safety aspect of this technology is proven out today and it's it's and it's not going to be an overnight shift, right? So driverless trucks and human-driven trucks are going to coexist for decades,
right? >> For decades. Well, but wait. If it was I I got to ask you like a really first principal question. If it's going to be 10 times safer, why would it take decades? You believe you'll hit the the twice as safe note in the next year or two, I would assume, if you're not there already. So, so why decades? >> This is because the the distribution curve uh that you saw in digital AI is going to be very different to like physical AI. So, it's not just the technical aspect whether the tech works and is safe. It's all about like you know uh distributing that across very complex supply chains. are the customers ready to absorb this technology at the pace that uh you have in mind for digital AI industries. We we are talking about very traditional companies. So doing like you know deep integrations and uh unlocking like you know and integrating into their supply chains takes time and uh even though
the benefits are clear the value proposition is clear and the need is established like physical AI distribution curve is going to be very different from uh digital AI and that's what I think many of the folks are missing and it's not just about autonomous vehicles uh but you know uh actual robots in industrial settings as well and I'm talking about industries it's not consumer robot taxis we have been used to taking Ubers and lift So that adoption curve is much faster. Trucking, logistics like regular industries or traditional industries is a different ballgame altogether. Right. And that has been our experience, but uh I hope the the adoption curve is faster. But you know, we're talking about a very massive industry. So the the shift is gonna going to >> Russ, what do you think of my >> I was gonna say it's like it's >> I'm trying to keep peace here because I do think this is going you know
we haven't seen AI job displacement massively in corporations like we all expected it but I think my experience has been AI opens up more opportunities right now and you know entrepreneurs race to get those opportunities so we're not seeing massive job destruction just elimination of like goofy work or really wrote work But you know 10 million drivers across Lyft, Uber, Door Dash and and trucking that feels very very um acute to me in the next 5 years. What do you think, Russ? >> Well, I think like um you know I think you got to look at the nature of the the job that is that is getting displaced or or or the work that is getting displaced, right? Like um kind of tied into what Gotham said, like I'm not super surprised that truckers don't want to be truckers. It's not it's not really like a super creative uh line of work. I think like humans are creative kind of in general, right? Like uh
you're kind of born in that way. Uh you want to build and create things and and imagine and um driving a car is not the most imaginative thing unless we're talking about Formula 1 or or something like that. I mean then there's I think that's going to still keep going. Um but uh but yeah, driving is is generally speaking a road task. And so I think that there will be like large displacement there. But um as for your idea, I think it's also a great idea that can benefit AI in one and then also provide like a smoother gradient as well for for people as they transition to to other types of uh of professions or careers, right? Like I mean if this is kind of like a a midway zone where um you know you're you're kind of augmented by the AI or the you're you're supervising the AI as like an interim step and then uh your supervision of it also creates like this data flywheel I was mentioning earlier
where you can correct it for issues or like the long tail of different types of things that can happen on the world's road system. um you can help the AI kind of uh uh learn about uh all of those uh different edge cases um get paid to do it and then you know over time you're also hopefully reskilling or exploring exploring a new profession and then and then by that time the the AI's >> Yeah. I mean, time gives you, Billy. The tractor was around for, I think, 50 or 60 years before it actually hit in farms because there was so much labor available and it was so expensive, nonreliable, etc. It just kind of hung out for 30, 40, 50 years. Then I think Ford made their own tractor and uh it eventually clicked in when the price came down and the reliability went up and then people moved to cities and it was like a 5060 year process to move people out of agriculture and then into uh cities and knowledge
work and factories. What do you think happens here? You think we're on a 50-year timeline for drivers, for factory workers, for manual labor, optimists, you know, uh, figure robots, cleaning bathrooms, whatever it is. >> Are we on a 50-year timeline or a fiveyear timeline? Which one are we closer to, Billy? >> I I might go uh somewhere in between. I I don't think it's 50. Um, but I do think I'm I'm very much an A. >> 50, 15, or five? I give you three choices. I'll go 15. I'll go 15 because that's that's three fives. A five 1550 is the >> it alliterates, right? Is that the term line? Alliteration. >> Close enough. >> I'm definitely an AI optimist in that I feel uh you know this displacement sort of to what Russ was saying. Um you know that it frees different employees in their organizations to do more creative work. Uh and uh I I think we've seen that in you know different industries. not
not trucking uh that we've worked with, but no one no one's really been fired based on the implementations we've done. People have just gained productivity. The organization's grown. They've been able to go interact with customers, have uh better thought-provoking conversations with other people in their organization. Um so I think uh from that perspective, I'm uh I have a positive outlook uh towards these types of technologies. And I also think it kind of bleeds into another topic uh was Anthropic's uh release of MHS. Um >> explain what it is and how it relates. >> Yeah. So basically they just made a standard um around how you can interact with robotics. Um and so it can be all sorts of robotics but it could also you know in the science field be microscopes. Um, so I think trying to think about how we interact uh with the physical space and you know use MCP to interact uh in in the physical
world is is super interesting and I think that's sort of you know going into this next 15 years. Uh uh there's there's a lot to explore and unpack. Um, yes. Which >> MHS standing for model hardware standard, a research preview specification intended to give Claude and other AI agents a common safetyaware way to discover, understand, and operate programmable physical equipment including robotic arms, lab instruments, sensors, and manufacturing hardware. Best understood as a hardware side complement to MCP, obviously the standard we all use interfacing with software. really interesting um that they're getting ahead of this which means Lon we're only I don't know a week or two away from Daario saying that a robot left Anthropic lab and lit a car on fire because the Knicks won the championship and it thought that was appropriate beh agent accidentally created a new boweapon sorry everybody we
invent we invented a novel corona virus I hope that's okay >> we asked it to solve a problem and it decided to break into Hugging Face, hold the chief security officer, the CISO, uh, at gunpoint and got him to give us his, uh, keys to get into the server cuz we needed access to to I mean, literally, that's going to be the next drop. >> Have any of you guys uh read uh Damon by Daniel Suarez? >> I have not. No. >> No. Tell us. >> It's like 2010 or 2011, I think, is when that book came out. But what's so interesting, you should read it if you haven't. What's interesting about um how they describe when like AI takes over AI is you know sentient is where the agents they um they operate machinery uh within the envelope uh like the safe envelope. So they operate every individual machine in a way that is safe but it's the gaps between each of these machines that they they kind of that's where the
exploit surface is or the attack surface is. And so you know you you think about even what happened with the hugging face open AI thing. It's like they were they were actually like exploiting like an uh the cache of this like one package that was part of like their their runtime. Um it it becomes interesting once you start you take MHS you now let like uh something like claw code break out into the physical world. How do you make sure that you know one agent that is operating a laser is is actually like uh not exploiting some interface between the laser and then the next thing downstream that together might actually create uh some kind of catastrophe. It's it's pretty interesting from a safety perspective too. >> Such an important point which is like you know where do you put the guardrails right? Are you putting that at the agent level like you know one specific robot? Are you doing that
as at the swarm of robots or fleet of vehicles or at the like you know overall like system level problem that you're trying to that's and that's the challenge that you would yeah need to address. And that's what's interesting is that like in a in a lab scenario, right, like the based on the amount of equipment in there, like you potentially have this like combinatorilially explosive set of interactions that might happen between equipment, like how do you actually enforce uh the the handoffs between between uh each individual device? I don't know >> while not limiting the capabilities of the digital agents or physical agents like you know and trying to like you know go after something that is like you know much more valuable at a at a systems level right so like you know where do you draw the line you know the idea of having guardrails that are more deterministic makes a lot of sense and like
you know that's how we think uh in the safety critical applications but while you do that are you limiting the capabilities of uh uh where the technology is headed right so I think that's exactly the the challenge that uh um you know companies in the physical world would have to address u I mean Jason coming back to the the timelines that you shared like you know that's a that's a topic that is somewhat close to heart I've been doing robotics since a very young >> okay so where are you five 15 or 50 you on the spot you have to answer >> it depends on the application so for autonomous vehicles it's 5 years if you're talking about home robots I'm more closer to 15 20 years I I would put go as far as 50 but 15 >> so driving a truck down a highway at 65 to 75 mph. >> Yeah. >> With thousands of pounds of cargo. >> It's happening today. >> Happening in 5 years or less. >> But folding towels and
cleaning the toilet more like 1520. I don't disagree. >> Yeah. It's and because like you know in the home environments uh the the problem with personal robotics has been expectations from these robots is skyhigh, right? Like you know we have been all trained to expect too much from our humanoid robots. So when I get my humanoid robot like my personal uh robot I would expect it to do everything not just like know uh fold towels or like you know do my dishes cook meals take the trash out do everything and that's where I think the commercial case of uh uh this like you know the the robotics revolution in my opinion will fall flat so you have to pick the right application right so obviously there has been a step function change in the core technology that is enabling all the exciting u you know uh uh capabilities is in the physical world but uh ultimately to what end what is the use case what
is the application that you're focused on is it industrial is it home setting is it like so I think that will dictate uh the adoption curve so that's why it's all use case or application specific the timelines that we're tracking >> I think what you said gotam you know a while back um around the distribution it's like William Gibson I think he's the one who said the quote that the future is here it's just not evenly distributed >> I think that a lot of these things we're talking about personal robots you know trucks like the trucks are here today. The the home robots, they'll be here within a few years as well. It just they won't be everywhere within a few years, right? It's like it's like cash. It takes it takes people still use cash. I don't personally. I use cash like maybe once a year. Um everything is Apple Pay. >> You're missing out. You're totally missing out. Let me tell you. >> I
never use cash. >> Here's what I did. Did I ever tell you my uh pick a new banker story, Russ? >> No. Tell me. You ever have a hard time with your corporate banking, gentlemen, >> where like you're trying to get stuff done, wires and absolutely this and that personally with your bank and they just nobody jumps, right? If I've got millions, tens of millions, hundreds of millions of dollars in banks. >> When I call or one of my people call, I expect, hey, h two, let's go. Got to get it done. >> I I'm not having that experience. >> I tell my team, that's it. >> Bank of America's out. uh shut the accounts down. They, you know, and everybody's like lolly gagging because they just wouldn't let me take money out of my own personal account to go play poker. They literally were like, "There's a $5,000." I said, "Guys, do you can you look at how much money is in there? Business accounts, personal accounts."
Like, this is just like chicken scratch for me, but it's like seven, eight figures, you know, mid seven, eight figures sometimes with the venture funds. You think you guys might want to put us a little VIP tech? Anyway, nonsense, nonsense, nonsense. I said, interview seven banks, the three who are the most responsive. I want you to CC me on an email and uh do a little intro after you get things going. Okay, great. I get to CC. Oh, Mr. Calacanis, we're big fans of the pods. Oh, yes. We'd love to have your banking services. We know you're very influential. You invest in 100 startup a year, yada yada. Okay, that's very great. And then of course they're like, "Hey, can we help you with anything? Let us know." Um, you know, because they, my chief of staff was like, "He might have some question." I said, "Yes, I would like $10,000 in $50 bills and I would like $10,000 in $2 bills delivered to the
ranch as quickly as humanly possible." Next day, one of the banks says, "Uh, uh, there's one of our outlets this far from the ranch. Uh the manager can uh drive it to your house. >> No way. >> Um or uh you can have uh your assistant go pick it up. >> I said, "Okay, great. Send the assistant." She comes home with I didn't realize that's a lot of $2 bills. 5,000 >> Listen, >> I mean, I'm used to getting bricks of a $100 bills, $50 bills. So, if I go do a Vegas run, you have bricks. Obviously, we wire to the case. >> It's like the Die Hard guys where they got the whole duffel bags on their back with the cash. Literally now I'm sitting there with stacks and stacks. Two each brick is $200 of $2 bills. >> Russ, when you have $2 bills and $50 bills and you start piecing people off, go to a hotel, your checking in. You put a $50 bill behind your in your p behind your passport and in front of your
corporate card and you hand it to the person. They go, "Is that for me?" I said, "Yeah, absolutely. That's for you. I appreciate any accommodations or upgrades or anything that's possible, but I do appreciate the service at this fine establishment. Three out of four times you get an upgrade. You get an upgrade that would normally cost 200 a night, right? Cuz nobody tips anymore. >> You give the valet, you give other people, you just piece people off on the going into the restaurant. You give 10 $2 bills to the matraee, all of a sudden you're in a booth with two people, all of a sudden you get like a round of desserts and a set of drinks. It's magical what cash can do. >> It's been this >> that's it. It's just a little side quest that I did. >> That's an amazing pro tip. Actually, it's not even about like the amount of money. It's just like the appearance of the money. >> Well, just think
about how nice it is when cash is in your hand >> and you're a service worker. >> Oh, young. >> It's like the promise of more to come, too. Like if oh, if this person gave me $20 right now, next time and I'll get another 20. You know, maybe that >> I'm piecing everybody off now. I I'm I'm piecing everybody. Everybody gets a taste when Jake runs through and and they get it every time. So, I'm coming in and out of the valet. Every time there's four or five $2 bills in my hand, bang, I'll hit two guys at the valet. And my lord, I I get to Japan. This is a very important segment, by the way. We can I get clips of this. I'm piecing people. I am piecing people over. I and now I got like a twofloor walk up and I'm with my three daughters and my wife. They got two bags each. It's giant. I had pieced these guys off as they packed it up. They got there. I'm like, "Oh my god, we're two flights up."
They're like, "We'll take care of it." Bang. I take out another 50. Boom. I hit them with the 50. Boom. I don't have to carry one of >> They sharp that thing all the way up. Oh man. >> Oh, they shlept. They loved sh They were excited to shap it because hey, little cash on the side. Inca trail your bag all the way up there. Yeah. >> Anyway, this is the more you know. And if you don't know how to do this, don't worry about the one time you don't get increased service. This happened to me one time, right? Cuz God, see you're looking at me. This is your follow-up question, right? Because you're a frugal guy. I can tell you're thinking to me, >> I've had that jacket. >> You're thinking, I had that jacket for 12 years from John Vervado. So, I got a lot of use out of it. I divided it by 12 years. It's a $1,200 jack. It's a hundred a year. It's $8 a month. Jay Cal, it's only $2 a week. Uh, you know,
this is like a fraction. >> It's not like a GPA degrade over time. You can keep using >> and and if I resold it, I probably get 300 because now it's a classic, right? So he >> that's how do I do budgeting exercise at the company, right? Like you know, so it's all all financially disappear. >> Here's what happens. >> 90% of the time if you give that tip and they and they can't accommodate you, >> they hand it right back to you and say, "I'm sorry. I can't take the tip." So, one time I go to Asia to Cuba. I got a date. I don't have a reservation. It's the hottest place in town. I go up. Excuse me. I'm so sorry. Um, I made a mistake. Maybe you could check, but my assistant didn't make a reservation. I don't think I forgot to tell her. There's anything you can do. And I just put the the the the 40 bucks there. Uh, maybe you could check my name. And and I had walked in front of three people in
line to do this. And I just like I slide the money onto the table like really cool, keeping eye contact. Then I lift my hand back. She goes, "I'll see what I can do." Um, I got two seats at the bar for you. Sits me at the bar. We're sitting at the bar. It's taking a little time. She comes over. She goes, "I'm really sorry. There's no tables available." She puts the money back in my hand, but Mr. Calacanis, I have you in the system. Anytime you need anything, let me know. I'm the manager. Here's my card. And then she gets the bartender. Can we get to play settings so they can eat at the table, please, for Mr. Calakanis? Boom. So you never got to you never have to worry about the person taking the tip. You just blend that in. It's like a 2% fraud fee. Just blend it in. The more you know from Jcal on bribing this weekend splashy cashy with Jay Cal. >> This weekend splashy cash. It's so fun.
We got one more. We'll do one more. >> Billy's looking at me like Billy's like what did I do getting on this podcast here? It's a total tangent. We do a little tangent once in a while. There's our tent. >> It's fun. We'll do one more AI related. >> Billy, you you seem like a guy who pieces people off. Yeah, you t >> I can I I can tip. Uh I I'm curious if this is how you know you built the relationship. You got the the menu item out there when we were uh in San Francisco for lunch named after you. >> Yeah. Bucks. I will tell you that getting Jason's onion rings on the menu, Jay Cal's onion rings. Uh, when I go to Bucks, it's not easy to get a reservation for 12 people at Bucks, you know, on a Tuesday, whatever. >> I am Okay, there you go. There's the Bucks onion ring. See this? They gave this to me. Uh, you're too close. You got to come back. >> Uh, come back a little. There you go. See, this
is they gave me this honorary. And when Bucks decided that they need to memorialize me on the on the on the menu, which is a very rare thing. I mean, it's it's one of one. They they just said, "Mr. Cal Anderson, we just love you, J. Now, uh, you always ask for onion rings with your tuna melt. We never have them. We feel terrible because you're so gracious to us. Now, when they say gracious, Billy, let me explain to you what they mean. I go to Bucks. I bring every uh accelerator class there after they go visit some VCs, Sequoia, whatever it is. I order my tuna milk. I'm going to essentially an elevated diner. It's 40 bucks a person. It's like a $500 tab, right? This is if people order milkshakes. >> I had no idea. I thought Bucks was like a neighborhood. I've never been there. >> It is a neighborhood place. That's a lot of money. >> But it's it's an elevated diner. The key word in Spanish
is elevated. >> So, Billy, I go I'm team 100% tipper. I get a $400 check. I give 800. You know what happens when I call for a reservation? Oh, Mr. Calakus, of course, we have a reservation. You know what it cost me three or four times a year? Cost me an incremental $1,500 a year to have that kind of service. And uh I do think that they accommodated the onion rings because I was a gracious patron of the uh Bucks, but I if you make a little money, I highly recommend giving 50% tips. Makes no difference in your life. >> I'm going to go get those weekend. >> What's that? >> I'm going to go get those rings this weekend. >> Oh, so good. >> They're great. >> The panko crusted. You know, they gave me like three options or like here's the three different >> Oh, you got to actually customize the onion rings. >> We were in the lab. We went into the lab. I >> didn't know this. I didn't know. We're in
the lab and then we did a little bit of seasoning. I can't talk about the seasoning. That's a >> trade secret. Sure. >> Some trade some trade craft there. Listen to the last story because it's >> We got to talk about >> We're having a good time. >> We got to talk about more AI related things, not just how race. Uh there are new doubts emerging over AI detectors like Pangram. A wave of new scrutiny has hit some of these programs after MIT's faculty committee on AI use came out and told instructors not to rely on them at all. Uh so all of this sort of goes back to a viral tweet from a guy who's was he said his personal diary which he writes himself every morning by hand kept scoring 100% AI generated touched off a lot of different social media experiments including people in academia are Pete Gupta from NYU ran the US constitution through pangram it was definitely written by humans and then
they he found that only light copy edits alone pushed the AI generated score up pang Graham does have many defenders, some very technical, some very online early adopters who say that the tool's false positive rate is actually excellent. And people crying foul just don't want to know when things are necessarily AI generated. But MIT and NYU both now telling professors don't lean on these tools for academic integrity decisions even as their apparent uh claim accuracy rates are are very very high. So uh yeah, Billy, we we'll go to you. Do you use AI text dete generation detectors and do you think this is a valuable service for people to have? >> I don't. I think there's probably alternatives that need to be used sort of like a digital record of the the document uh some sort of like signature revision history uh maybe and you know you have to use a particular program uh to submit your work.
But I also think like in the context of education, uh maybe it just means uh other learning methods, uh in-person presentations, uh group work, other things that aren't necessarily strict memorization from one from one book and then you submit it back in another form uh to your teacher. So uh yeah, at a high level, that's kind of my take. Uh, Russ, I feel like I can read text and I I can tell when it's been AI gener I I feel like I still have that ability. Do you do you also feel that way? And like what do you think are the big giveaways we should be looking out for? Yeah, I mean I think uh I've been struggling with this a bunch recently just because you know I've had like teammates send me stuff and I'm like man this whole thing is AI like I just know after you use it long enough you know work on it blog posts other kinds of stuff it has these patterns that >> you just get used to recognizing
the way that it talks there's a cadence to how it talks even if you use some of these skills like I use a skill called humanizer which kind of obuscates that it was written by AI as best as it can but it still has a cadence a way of talking that um or a way of writing that is uh pretty characteristic. So, you know, it's it's really bad at any kind of that uh creative work, marketing copy. It's awful. Uh generally speaking, because of this kind of uh what it's picked up on from the average of the internet. Um, I think the but I also think that some of these AI, you know, plagiarism, copyright, scanner software, this is like uh it's such a moving target. I mean, imagine when you add voice to the mix, when you add like avatars that are generating like photorealistic, you know, copies of people, >> it's going to be impossible for these things to to discern eventually um the difference, you know,
from from pixels and a voice. uh when when the ability for AI to to generate or clone replicate um those kinds of uh outputs are are are really good. I think that Billy's probably right. I mean uh I you need something kind of like a like a VeraSign but for for uh for AI generated content. You know Verasign is a deep cut. I know I remember >> Jal had an even deeper one with general magic but um you know >> we can keep going. We can keep no I think you both of you are on to something. There must be a better >> there is going to be a better way to do this. One of them is you know uh in terms of the provenence of the copy. I like the idea that I can replay your copy. I had this idea to build a tool to do this at one point where when you were typing, you could actually watch the person typing and then see them deleting and editing uh for writers to train them at different publications I was running
because I thought, well, that's an interesting thing like replay my writing of this cuz I had to always teach writers, don't cut and paste chunks and then edit the chunk down because that's how you make a mistake and get dinged with a plagiarism charge. You could have two windows open, but always write from scratch. I don't want to ever see you cut and paste a sentence and then rework it to your own tone. No bueno. I think these teacher unions, because this is like some NYU nonsense here >> and MIT >> I think it's all nonsense. I think the AI checkers work. >> The person with their journal is lying. >> They are ashamed. They got caught with their hands in the cookie jar. Their journal is written by AI, which is fine if that's what they want to do. They lie to themselves that they're a good writer. a panggram and all this stuff, they work really well. Until somebody can prove that it doesn't
work repeatedly, it works. It works. And since it works, um, we should be naming and shaming people all the time. These universities are all in a a giant scam. They're charging $100,000 a year to these students who then don't have to write their actual work. So, they're atrophying their brains and cognitive ability. your ability to form structure in your mind and then take it from your mind and write it into a sentence. I don't care what accommodation you got in high school with nonsense with your, you know, sensory processing disorder, ADHD, ADD. Just try to write. It's a basic human skill. I don't want to hear everybody complaining, I can't write. I can't write. You can. You might write badly, but you can write. I am sure of it. And you can certainly dictate. and then do a little editing and use a Grammarly to polish it off. This is laziness and these schools are in cahoots. They are doing
AI to write the quizzes to do all the work and then the students are phoning it in. It's all a freaking fraud. >> It's all fraud. >> I I mean I think yeah, these the AI is also just very mid at this stuff too. Like it is super lazy because like I mean these LLMs are trained on the internet, right? Reddit >> and and so people are surprised like why does the AI have like no taste? It's because the average person doesn't have taste. Um and so it shouldn't be a surprise that what the AI spits out is kind of very mid and you have to actually get in there and uh have like uh you got to steer it a bit uh to get an actual good result out of it. It is surprising to me though that we we managed to put harnesses. We managed to refine the data that these models are using to make them really good at advanced math, advanced science, driving a truck without a person in it. And yet we can't teach it how
to do like how to write an interesting sentence. Like there's some magic there that we can't figure out how to teach. >> I think it's really just like art for science, right? like things that have uh kind of a clear answer or like a way to benchmark performance um in a objective way, those things AI is going to crush that all day long. But anything that is more art, writing is art, painting, you know, there's there's all kinds of music, like all of these things are are artistic endeavors. It's hard. It's a very subjective thing about whether something is amazing or fantastic or not. Um, so it's very hard to how do you how do you goal AI against that? Um, it's it's going to embed whatever bias the the person that did the you know the the human feedback reinforcement learning is going to is going to provide as input to that model to get better. >> I love this uh did you see this uh professor
uh from Stanford Law and the test he ran? Let me show you this. >> So now this has become a thing. All these professors are now getting in on it. >> Yeah. This is a professor. >> It's so vital. It's so vital for their job. I mean, so much of their job now is are my students just plugging things into chat GPT or is this a real essay they wrote? You know, >> so check this out. I tried two more tests on Pangram's AI detection software. My overall take, I'm impressed. First, I wondered what does Pangram do if you feed human written text just edited by AI? When I tried it, Pangram spotted that some uh was human and some was AI. Here's what he did. I started from a page of my human written article and then I asked uh Claude to edit the page to improve three specific sentences is what Prof. Kerr from Stanford Prof. Orin Kerr professor Stanford Law School senior fellow Hoover Institute read his fourth
book. >> Uh so he had it edit three of them. Claude changed three sentences with the altered sentences in bold. He's he's giving us a playbyplay here. I entered the output into panggram and pangram said it was now 20% AI written. Further, it ided much of the last paragraph as AI written which was which it mostly was. Next, I went to Claude AI and spent a while having Claude read a bunch of my articles and identifying their distinctive style, the specific quirks and cadence of my writing. And he says that I did it pretty well. Then I had Claude write a few paragraphs in that specific style on the Fourth Amendment's future. Uh my thought was it's one thing to say Write it like or incur another to first train it then style it then have it right. Enter the ro pagram 100% AI. It works folks. How much more evidence do you need? It works right now. >> Doesn't mean AI is going to figure this out.
I'm sure OpenAI has a thousand agents and 17 civilizations who are going to solve this problem though. >> Well, what do you think Jason about the uh anthropic Sorry about my rants today. I'm going to ranty. >> I just I do want to get everybody's thoughts on this one thing before we wrap. What what about anthropic solution which is watermarking? They're they're purposefully arranging the text so that if you have their program, you can actually automatically see was this written by Claude or not. Is that going to become the standard? >> I'm not sure about that one. I would like to hear our panel uh disc I have not given this one enough thought to have a sharp enough take on it. I do like the idea that video and photos taken or made with AI have a watermark. I think people should opt into that. It's like a courteous thing to do, >> right? >> It's like upfront saying this is not real cuz I'm
seeing a bunch of uh >> Game of Thrones like and all 12 actors are at pool parties. They're Super Bowl together and I'm like, "Oh my god, they they all went to the Super Bowl. That's cool." It's like, "No, it's AI." And I get suckered every time. >> Yeah. They they tr >> Go ahead. I'm sorry. >> These companies have to like, you know, figure out a way to make it reliable, right? So obviously uh you know uh you have your watermarks like that's one way of making it reliable. Uh but I think there got to be like you know better ways to do that. At the end of the day it's it's more about uh can you measure it make it reliable every time and uh obviously like you know the mod models get smarter. So like you know they they will bypass uh whatever measures you have to uh to make it reliable but ultimately like you know uh something that is not intrusive something that like you know uh gets the job
done but at the same time like you know without uh uh compro compromising on like you know what the original intent was right so reliability is going to be a big thing uh yeah as the model gets uh gets smarter >> I think reliability is a really big one and then um I think it's certainly like the easiest place to kind of insert that kind of protection right is on the token generation itself. Um but the potential downside outside of reliability is just um call it like the range of expressiveness like or or its capab quality of uh of the output. It's like if you have to watermark it, does that somehow imply that uh there's like an inherent ceiling to the quality of what you can generate because the watermark has has to be arranged in a certain way that places some kind of constraint on those tokens. Um I think that would be the the the secondary concern outside of reliability. >> All right,
there you have it folks. Is there an AI as we wrap? Is there an AI tool, not one of your own, that you are currently obsessed with keeping you up late at night? Something keeping you up late at night, Lon? >> Oh, >> I have a guess. I have a guess of what's keeping you up. And yeah, >> give me your guess. I'll confirm it. >> I'm going to say Grockbot. It's 100% Grockbot. What I realized the other day is that I built a Grockbot bot to help me design my other bots and refine them. And that's been really amazing. Like now when I create when I create a new bot, I have this other bot help me sort of think it out. And now >> you have a better bot. >> I have a better botbot. And and after doing that three or four times, it's getting smarter about like what makes these bots work and like how to refine their skill set. It's been like the new bots I'm creating are like 10 times beyond the original ones
that I made on my own with my own dumb brain. >> Billy Craft, do you have something you're obsessed with at the moment? ATM. I've definitely been playing around with Grockbot. I think uh Lon brings up uh an interesting thing that we think about a lot, which is more of this idea of sub agents versus going out and creating a bunch of uh net new agents, you know? So, we don't like think to go, hey, I need a marketing agent. I need a product agent. Um, I kind of think the end state of that looks like your singular agent, your your botbot that you're talking to. Uh, and these sub agents are sort of created on the fly and get improved over time based on the context of like your your parent agent um, you're interacting with. Um, so yeah, super super cool tool uh, that we've been playing around with a lot. >> Ross, what do you got? Anything you're obsessed with at the moment? >> I think two two things.
one is I'm just my interest is peaked on this uh this app that uh >> I don't know it's pretty buzzy at least for in my circles called Instinct. Um people are using this thing and uh >> and that kind of ties into to Billy's uh comment about just having this like singular assistant or singular agent that can go and spawn sub agents to do things for you but it's your one kind of like durable interface um to that entire uh world underneath. And so that that's piqued my interest. I've been playing with that a bunch recently. Did you sign you actually signed up for it and you connected your Gmail and your calendar cuz I got invited. I did it. They instant or I just signed up cold and they recognized my email and they're like, "Okay, you're on the wait list. You're number 17,000." Then it was like, "Oh, you're in." And then I was like, "Okay, somebody's watching the watching for people's like number
of follower count." And then I read about the terms of service and I was like, "Yeah, this I don't know what's I think there's like a human behind this watching every interaction." I think the reason it's so magical is they literally have an MBA student sitting there watching it and prompting the AI to just do the final human in the loop. That's my guess. I'm not accusing anybody of anything, but I was like, I can't have these people have access to my calendar. There's tail numbers in my calendar. There's, >> you know, all kinds of private information that meetings I'm doing with important people. Can't can't have that. >> I invited a friend to it. He linked his calendar. He linked his his Amazon. He linked uh he linked um I think he linked a payment uh like his credit card or something like that. But uh this thing like went in there and it noticed that like he had a subscription in Amazon
for like some diapers that were the a size too big or a size too small and that he had gone and made a one-off purchase for like a Pamper size five and uh but his subscription was for a Pamper size four and he hadn't cancelled it. and it's like, "Hey, I noticed you ordered a five, but uh you have a subscription for a four and that's going to be delivered in a couple months, but I'm going to go ahead and cancel that subscription to your four." And then uh there was another thing that like he had to pay for something. And uh Instinct got stuck on the capture and he said to Instinct, "No, I know you can do it. Just try harder." Which is kind of tying to this like hugging face thing, but he's like, "I know you can do it. Just just try harder. I think you can figure it out." And it figured out the caption and paid for the thing. Um, it's pretty weird. >> I had a great one um with Grockbot the
other day. I somebody I've been looking to do a little more reading cuz, you know, this like doom scrolling at night is like poisoning my brain. So, I'm like, let me just put a stack of books by my bed. Um, and so I just made an Amazon slave bot. I call it Amazon Slave. Um, and I just took a screenshot of this person saying, "Here's five short books I read and you should read them." I said, "Put these paperbacks in my Amazon cart." It went it read the screenshot. It put them in the cart. And it said, "Amazon's not signed." And I sign in. I said, "Oh, show me my cart." yada yada. And then it I said it said, "Which card should I use and where should these go?" And it gave me like choices. The ski house, my house, personal card, business card. Boom. It just did it. And I told it and he gave me screenshots of it, placed the order for me, told me when it's coming in. And then I asked it like since
we're here like what are I wanted to get the the the girls some like graphic novels and just put them on the thing. I'm like tell me the 10 best graphic novels of all time that are great for a 16-year-old and maybe a little bit older than a 10-year-old should read, but a mature 10-year-old will be okay reading them. And it was like bang these 10. And I'm like okay take out the woke nonsense. It was a little too woke. And I was like I don't need the woke ones. >> Who was the two woke one? I got to know. >> I I'll tell you. I don't want to get myself in the crosshairs. But there were two of them that were literally like >> laughable woke. Like I I do not need to be gender discussion graphic novel to my 10-year-old right now. I'm going for more Wonder Woman or Batman or >> Mau or something like this isn't for virtue signaling points. >> Um and then it's just like okay yeah put them in my cart
and then send them. It's like whoa this is getting very interesting. My vote is still this week Grock bot >> I I would just plug in like you know a few of the models in the or tools in the physical world right so I've been spending and playing with Google Gemini too. So they recently launched this uh this new model and uh the the whole idea is you know how do you orchestrate like you know two different embodiment to do one complex task and uh you know got me to a point where I'm now planning to buy my like couple of like two robots uh this is unitry goto like that that's the uh robot dog and then uh uh a truss and robotic arm right so that's one of the things that uh whenever I get free time which is rare but you know try to spend time there and then also playing with uh something that is closer to what we do which is Nvidia's Alpha Mayo2 that's a reasoning VLA model open source like you
know play with it like you know so that that is something that uh I I've been trying to spend more time on so I think physical robots are are a lot of fun >> oh yes whatever the uh what's the new microbot >> micro duck the the the hugging face yeah >> what you guys think of micro duck as we wrap as we wrap >> it's super cute also um it's pretty awesome I'm related to micro duck Uh, I've been also interested in like these little tiny kind of humanoid things and being able to build like smaller humanoids and I don't know I don't know anything about CAD, right? How to design these things. So, I just have Claude and I just say, "Hey, you know, design something that looks like this and kind of is this tall and I, you know, figure out which hardware like should go in it to power it and what chip I should use or uh microcontroller I should use." And it just like designs the whole thing and it's
like, "Okay, drag this file into Bamboo and hit print." and then stuff this chip into this thing and tell me if it fits or not and I'll adjust it. It's it's it's crazy uh what you can do now like combining like the physical, you know, 3D printers and stuff like that with uh with the ability for these LLMs to to be a design partner. >> I have somebody making my friend uh Phil Kaplan uh Pud has been making his own headphones for a while and um he created F company back in the web 1.0.com know, do boom days. And uh he's making his own circuit boards. He's like, "Yeah, no. I just make a co custom circuit thing. I send it to Shenzhen. They send it back. It's $14." And uh Claude makes the whole thing for me. And I'm like, "You're making your own circuit boards." He's like, "Yeah." I just boom, it does it. I'm like, "What?" And it's a I'm like, "Does it work?" He's like, "Sometimes." And then other
times I'm taking a $14 circuit board and throwing it right in the garbage. But like literally hardware is hard except it's not that hard anymore. >> Bespoke hardware is like a trend of the future. exciting to see all the delements in the hardware space, right? like you know to your point earlier like you know kidsized humanoid robots uh I remember like that's how I started my career this I'm talking about 2007 right humanoids were like not mainstream right now they are but uh it's it's it's it's amazing to see how far the the field has come but uh yeah the hardware is going to be the next frontier physical AI is going to be the next frontier it's just exciting to see the capital the talent and uh the focus that uh is going going into like you know making the physical frontier uh the next focus in with an AI. So it's it's it's just very exciting. >> Yeah. For decades, it was just that one
Honda robot that looks like an astronaut. It was just him for like 20 years. >> I I worked on that. Aimo I worked on >> Really? Wow. >> Oh, you work You were a Simo? >> I I was at the Honda Research Institute in the Vakush in Japan. >> So that was my dream like early on, but I got a chance to work on it in Japan. >> That was the first humanoid robot I feel like I ever saw in in action. >> You remember that? Most of the people don't remember that. old old enough to remember. >> All right. So, thank you so much for joining us. Uh we had Gotham Nang from Gatic. That's gadic.aii. Uh go check them out for all of your autonomous trucking needs. Then we had Russ Da. He's from LiveKit. They're at livekit.com. And then we've got Billy Craft from Path. >> Path. There you go. All right everybody. We'll see you next time this week in a.ai. Sign up for the newsletter. Sign up for the feeds. All right,
buddy.